CWV Metric doc tweaks (#9845)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/metrics/inp/index.md

  - web-vitals
---

> {% BrowserCompat 'api.PerformanceEventTiming.interactionId' %}

Author: My thinking here was that the whole metric is only supported in Chromium-based browsers. At present we leave this very late in the page to the "Measure INP In JavaScript" section, but that seems very late to me and suggests it's only the JavaScript API that isn't supported - but it's not just the JavaScript API - it's not reported by DevTools or any other way.

For most other posts on web.dev we put the Browser Compat widget near the top of the post. Maybe I've gone too far putting it right to the top here, but do think having it WAY down at the bottom, by the JavaScript API, is very late.

> {% BrowserCompat 'api.PerformanceEventTiming.interactionId' %}

Author: As discussed offline your concern was more showing an EventTiming compat widget (as there is no INP one) so added a comment in https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web.dev/pull/9845/commits/091c9de6cc3ea40e8b0d6bf15d81e42650177213 to make it clearer.

  - web-vitals
---

{% BrowserCompat 'api.PerformanceEventTiming.interactionId' %}

{% Aside %}

> Interaction to Next Paint (INP) is an experimental metric that uses data from the [`Event Timing API`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/PerformanceEventTiming) API, that assesses [responsiveness](/user-centric-performance-metrics/#types-of-metrics). When an interaction causes a page to become unresponsive, that is a poor user experience. INP observes the latency of all interactions a user has made with the page, and reports a single value which all (or nearly all) interactions were below. A low INP means the page was consistently able to respond quickly to all&mdash;or the vast majority&mdash;of user interactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interaction to Next Paint (INP) is an experimental metric that uses data from the [`Event Timing API`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/PerformanceEventTiming) API. It assesses [responsiveness](/user-centric-performance-metrics/#types-of-metrics). When an interaction causes a page to become unresponsive, that is a poor user experience. INP observes the latency of all interactions a user has made with the page, and reports a single value which all (or nearly all) interactions were below. A low INP means the page was consistently able to respond quickly to all&mdash;or the vast majority&mdash;of user interactions.
```

- [Lighthouse User Flows](/lighthouse-user-flows/).
- [Web Vitals extension for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/web-vitals/ahfhijdlegdabablpippeagghigmibma).

### Measure interactions In JavaScript

> INP is calculated based on interation events. The following example shows how to create a [`PerformanceObserver`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/PerformanceObserver) to log interaction entries to the console:

Author: Corrected the `input delay` issue in https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web.dev/pull/9845/commits/091c9de6cc3ea40e8b0d6bf15d81e42650177213

As discussed we may move this snippet to somewhere else in future, but as a quick fix we'll add it here.

```js
new PerformanceObserver((entryList) => {
  for (const entry of entryList.getEntries()) {
    if (entry.interactionId) {
      const delay = entry.processingStart - entry.startTime;
      console.log('Interaction:', delay, entry);
    }
  }
}).observe({type: 'event', buffered: true});
```

### Measure INP In JavaScript

> To measure INP in JavaScript, it's advised that you use the [`web-vitals` JavaScript library](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web-vitals), which exports an `onINP` function to handle all the aggregation of the individual interactions. You can then get a page's INP by passing a function to the `onINP` method:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To measure INP in JavaScript, it's advised that you use the [`web-vitals` JavaScript library](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web-vitals), which exports an `onINP` function to handle the aggregation of each individual interaction. You can then get a page's INP by passing a function to the `onINP` method:
```
